I had the first of luck that from
I go there to Barca got my first
league title but then good happens
the whole trajectory of the nba that I
I think it was a great experience
in France also that remained in the
champion of france and finally I arrived at
avenue perfumeries that was the club the
club of my dreams the club of my loves
six years there I have achieved everything in
the club and as you say I did not have a
very serious injury last year that you
makes you think about not your future and in fact
in vannes in france
with me the ones that have been the one that has been
there supporting me continuously because where
It became very clear that when I started
to run it became clear to me that it's good that
I finished my sports career
I have words to describe all that
sweetie
the club the institutions and all the
Salamanca have given me but
from the first day to the last and that
title because it has been special because
first it was a very hard year for me and
second you can be champions of the
way we did it and that way
so movie that in the last second
and eventually exhausted and lift that
cup that I did of hands download
because I wanted him to come with me because
good part of being a great friend action
a great support for me I went into all
these years in salamanca
well it was also a way to pass him
the witness in the captaincy to a
player as we all know about the
category that is hopefully continue the streak and
yes I have achieved a lot of things
in my club in the with the selection
also medal silver medal
bronze the olympic diploma is a
tremendous satisfaction not me the culmination
now clear the step as my ex say
companions to the dark side I am now the
dark side that on the side of the
trainers
after arriving and kissing the saint is not
spectacular and all that stuff all this
encourages to have more illusion
still in what you are going to do and fight
one hundred percent for basketball
Spanish are 20 years of career
professional are many many jumps
many kilometers of my legs and
when the opportunity comes for me
train and more to a selection not
Absolute Spanish will help educate
mondelo says the rock first was a
good news its shocking to me and what
who is doing the upper course and
I was very excited about that topic and a
out of brutal experience and other
European I learned a lot and I think that
I also contribute a lot to the group with my
experience as a player and coach
and in this last European, well, good
has consolidated much more not all my
trainer facet
that I have enjoyed as I never thought that
I could enjoy and that's because I tell you
truth has filled me with a satisfaction
tremendous and full joy and a
encourage then to open a new
chapter in my life and focus it good
Well now I know how to continue with this
trajectory and linked to basketball
what you want or not is what makes me
illusion to the same and good that my future
he's on the bench right now he is
because I've been on the bench for two years
the selection and hopefully I can continue
much more and evidently is now
same in what I like and I love and
I will fight for it to continue helping in
the federation to everything in everything
that the player is required to a baby
as a player before an asset and know that
also we threw many times
96 international average between
nationalities I have been there too
then the player sees me then in those
two slopes can not another slope
as a friend as she is a player and as
technical then the way to get to
it is what has most
they have motivated me the medal they are always
nice but an Olympiad is the most
big when you enter that stadium
olympic and you see the ovation with all your
mates that can not be explained
is to live in the Olympic village all
days with the best athletes of the
world think I'm a defining moment
as an athlete
international and I stay before
the titles that obviously also do not
I will never remove it but before the
titles I'm with that affection darling
from the public
of every time he jumped on the court
it seemed that he had scored a goal with
betis almost
the people applauding cheering me and I
I remain with the affection of the public of
salmantino